yup Todd time to bed baby and it was
Vince Carter Jersey Wow all right just
feels like glass plexiglass and it's not
it's not Cedric Simmons what's with the
silver signature I've never seen that
one silver sharpie Marty Collins baby
the joke clock and stina butter sylvie
it to triple some I think it's just a
regular card
mm-hmm George garbage oza I thought
number 2 50 50 supermatch wayman tisdale
let's past signatures working better get
good quick here is it going i do LeBron
Jordan here it is and brown is it
really they like about it well very
awesome will Blaylock that mmm to left
to what's the chances very good slim to
none Renaldo Balkman you got for autos
and though supposed to get thank you and
James Augustine is that it dude that's
very rude also nice box creepox good
shop oh nice box